Add tikv-br link (#11506)
pingcap/docs: br/rawkv-backup-and-restore.md

# Back Up and Restore RawKV

TiKV and PD can constitute a KV database when used without TiDB, which is called RawKV. TiKV-BR supports data backup and restore for products that use RawKV. 

> For more details, see [TiKV-BR User Docs](https://tikv.org/docs/dev/concepts/explore-tikv-features/backup-restore/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more details, see [TiKV-BR User Docs](https://tikv.org/docs/latest/concepts/explore-tikv-features/backup-restore/).
```

Author: Done, PTAL~

# Back Up and Restore RawKV

TiKV and PD can constitute a KV database when used without TiDB, which is called RawKV. TiKV-BR supports data backup and restore for products that use RawKV. TiKV-BR can also upgrade the [`api-version`](https://docs.pingcap.com/tidb/stable/tikv-configuration-file) from `API V1` to `API V2` to convert RawKV data. 

> With API v2, TiKV-BR can also cooperate with TiKV-CDC with finish the data backup and replication. Please see [TiKV-CDC User Docs](https://tikv.org/docs/dev/concepts/explore-tikv-features/cdc/cdc/#how-to-replicate-tikv-cluster-with-existing-data).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
With API v2, TiKV-BR can cooperate with TiKV-CDC to back up and replicate data. For more details, see [TiKV-BR User Docs](https://tikv.org/docs/dev/concepts/explore-tikv-features/backup-restore/) and [TiKV-CDC User Docs](https://tikv.org/docs/dev/concepts/explore-tikv-features/cdc/cdc/#how-to-replicate-tikv-cluster-with-existing-data).
```

Reviewer 3: LGTM

> For more details, please see [TiKV-BR User Docs](https://tikv.org/docs/dev/concepts/explore-tikv-features/backup-restore/).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```
